Update Threat Intel beta with the latest changes (#3682)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/platform-services/threat-intelligence-indicators.md

* **A collector**. See [STIX/TAXII 2 Client Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/stix-taxii-2-client-source). 
* **The API**. See the following APIs in the [Threat Intel Ingest Management](https://api.sumologic.com/docs/#tag/threatIntelIngest) API resource:
   * [uploadNormalizedIndicators API](https://api.sumologic.com/docs/#operation/uploadNormalizedIndicators)
   * [uploadCsvIndicators API](https://api.sumologic.com/docs/#operation/uploadCsvIndicators)
   * [uploadStixIndicators API](https://api.sumologic.com/docs/#operation/uploadStixIndicators)

See [Upload formats](#upload-formats) for the format to use when uploading indicators using the Threat Intelligence tab or APIs.

:::note
* The limit of the number of indicators that can be uploaded in one API call is 100.
* When you add indicators, the event is recorded in the Audit Event Index. See [Audit logging for threat intelligence](#audit-logging-for-threat-intelligence).
:::

## Typical workflow

Here is the typical workflow to set up and use threat intelligence indicators:

> 1. A system administrator sets up services to automatically [ingest threat intelligence indicators](#ingest-threat-intelligence-indicators). For example, install a collector such as the [STIX/TAXII 2 Client Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/stix-taxii-2-client-source), and set up services to obtain indicators from Federal, vendor, and open services and ingest them using the [Threat Intel Ingest Management](https://api.sumologic.com/docs/#tag/threatIntelIngest) APIs. You can manually add additional indicators as needed, such as your own private indicators, using the [Threat Intelligence tab](#add-indicators-in-the-threat-intelligence-tab) or the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A system administrator sets up services to automatically [ingest threat intelligence indicators](#ingest-threat-intelligence-indicators). For example, install a collector such as the [STIX/TAXII 2 Client Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/stix-taxii-2-client-source) and set up services to obtain indicators from Federal, vendor, and open services, later ingest them using the [Threat Intel Ingest Management](https://api.sumologic.com/docs/#tag/threatIntelIngest) APIs. You can manually add more indicators as needed, such as your own private indicators, using the [Threat Intelligence tab](#add-indicators-in-the-threat-intelligence-tab) or the APIs.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/platform-services/threat-indicators-in-cloud-siem-ui.png')} alt="Threat indicators in the Cloud SIEM UI" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="400" />

### Custom threat intelligence sources in Cloud SIEM

> Previously, you could [create custom threat intelligence sources using Cloud SIEM](/docs/cse/administration/create-custom-threat-intel-source/). You can no longer create custom sources using Cloud SIEM, but you must use the Threat Intelligence tab, a collector, or the API to [ingest threat intelligence indicators](#ingest-threat-intelligence-indicators). If you have custom sources in Cloud SIEM, they will continue to be honored until the feature is deprecated at a future time.

Reviewer: Do we talk about previously and currently in para? If so, can we mention **Currently or now** for the second line. Just to show the difference.

Author: Good point. I'll update the wording.
